Clarify that a shortcode with .Inner must be closed (#1785)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/templates/shortcode-templates.md

{{</* innershortcode /*/>}}
```

{{% warning %}}

> Once a shortcode has `.Inner` in its template, the shortcode *must* be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any shortcode that refers to `.Inner` must be closed or self-closed.
```

> While you can create shortcodes that do not need to be closed (without `.Inner`) and shortcodes that do need to be closed (uses `.Inner`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> you cannot do so *within the same shortcode*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
